[telephone rings]
-The door's still locked.
Les: Explore the dollhouse.
Lindy: Les shrunk everything.
Terry.
I didn't write the story.
It's my student's work.
Then can you please
fix this fucking mess?
-We have 28 days.
or the tech. the lab. gone.
Les: You know
I'm gonna crack this wide open
and change the world.
so join me.
[cat meows]
Vivienne: Is that a cat?
I would consider lifting
a few of the protocols.
-Les. five minutes.
-No.
-Two.
-One. Later. Maybe.
-Done.
-It'll only be
a couple more days.
-Eight packs of economy-sized
toilet paper?
Couple of days. my ass.
Les: Lulu. uh. you're home.
Lulu: Hurricane Lindy
is tracking northeast.
Les: No.
Lulu: What category is she?
-[laughs] Don't say that.
-[screams]
I'm human popcorn.
How long until you can fix me?
-I don't know.
-[sighs]
Richie!
[crowd applauding]
man: And now to deliver
our graduating class'
valedictorian address.
Louise Littlejohn.
[crowd applauding]
-That's my daughter.
Valedictorian.
It's no big deal.
-This place...
...is dead to me.
[crowd gasps]
-[laughs]
That's my daughter.
Lindy: Richie?
Oh. my God.
Oh. I-I-I can't believe it.
I just-- Oh. my gosh.
Wait. you shrunk yourself?
-I did.
-I have so many questions.
-I have all the answers.
-Oh. God.
I'm so relieved and excited.
[footsteps thudding]
-Me too--ow. What is that?
-Oh. you'll get used to that.
-That is loud.
-Shh. That's Les.
-That's Les?
-Yeah. He's walking around.
-What?
-Shh.
-This is nice.
-Okay. You need to hide.
-Huh? Where?
-Get in the closet.
-Oh. well. that says.
"Do not enter ever."
-Don't worry about it.
It's fine.
Hurry. hurry. hurry.
-And it smells
really bad in here.
-Hurry. he's coming
right outside. Okay.
[doorbell dings]
[scoffs]
[deep sigh]
-Good morning.
-Morning.
-Coffee and a chat?
-Yeah. Sure.
[birds chirping outside]
-Oh. Right.
-Is this really necessary?
-I just want you to be safe.
Anything could happen.
-Okay.
Enough with that already.
Wait.
That was a red-light reaction.
My green-light response is.
I appreciate your concern.
-Oh. and my green-light
response is.
I know the circumstances
are not ideal.
and I am truly.
truly sorry about that.
Oh. um. the red lipstick
and toothpaste.
-Uh...
-Oh. I--uh.
but I will miniaturize them
when I can.
Um. uh. but I did get
a travel-size. uh. toothpaste.
so it's a little bit smaller.
And Hilton
has these new protocols.
so I will--I will find
a workaround.
-Thank you.
Les: Oh. and about Lulu.
I thought a lot about
what you said last night.
and I will speak to her.
-About the accident
and about me.
Les: About Hurricane Lindy.
It's inappropriate
and it's hurtful.
-Well. I appreciate that.
Thank you.
Les: About you and the accident.
Um. I do think
that our current situation
would traumatize her. and sadly.
I could see her blaming you.
if not handled properly.
And so. I would like to propose
accessing Dr. Carmichael's
marital toolbox.
and employing the UPF tool.
Do you agree?
-I agree. One condition.
-Oh. I'm open and I'm present.
-We stick to the definition
of United Parental Front.
no backdoor deals.
-That was once.
I apologized and I have grown.
-Fine.
-This is kind of nice.
isn't it?
-Yeah. [clears throat]
Except for the tiny elephant
in the room. Yeah.
-Fair enough.
And I promise I didn't forget
about the laptop. It's just--
-New investor. new protocols.
Les: Yeah.
-Got it.
No problem.
[♪♪♪]
[Lindy sighs]
Bye.
Okay. Okay.
-Oh. is he gone?
-Wait.
-[door opens]
Lindy: And...
-[door slams]
-Okay.
We're clear.
-Do not go in there.
-There are cameras though.
But we have time.
he takes a while
before he checks them.
-Let's go.
-I should change.
Um. how did you get up here?
-I'll show you.
-[gasps]
Richie!
Oh. I could cry.
Hidden stairs?
You--you built this?
-Well. you know.
I have a degree
in engineering. too.
-Of course you do.
[gasps]
Oh. [chuckles]
[dramatic music playing]
-Follow me.
[laughs] Freedom!
Oh. you're a genius. Richie.
-I--well. I actually am.
Yeah. But there is more.
-More? But I love stairs.
Huh? What?
-Uh-hmm.
-What is this?
-So we can get
where we're going fast.
I brought Desdemona.
-Where is Desi taking us?
-All the way.
["Do Ya" by ELO playing]
-♪ In this life I've seen ♪
♪ Everything I can see. woman ♪
♪ I've seen lovers flying ♪
♪ Through the air ♪
♪ Hand in hand ♪
♪ I've seen babies... ♪
-You've thought of everything.
-And I brought everything.
-Everything?
-Every...thing.
-Wait. how did you get past
the new protocols?
-I don't know.
Maybe I'm a badass.
-[chuckles]
Yeah. maybe you are.
-Come on. Desdemona.
Give me a little more.
♪ Never seen ♪
♪ Nothing like you ♪
-In my sleep dreams last night.
I had an epiphany.
It's the middle of the night
and I wake up
to find a gun
pointed to my head.
The assailant has one question
and I must answer correctly
or he'll pull the trigger.
And the question is.
how do you. me.
overcome 30 seconds
to fragmentation?
Isolation.
-Isolation?
-Isolation. Janet.
-It's Janet.
-That's what I said.
-Oh. um. yes. Janet.
-Now. if we think of the equip--
where is Richard?
-Um. he's taking
a mini signed sabbatical
to care for a loved one.
-I don't understand
that sentence.
-He's not here today.
nor will he be here tomorrow.
He's absent for an
indeterminate amount of time
until his loved one
has recovered.
-Can he do that?
-According to the protocol
manual. yes.
-Who's the loved one?
-Company policy precludes
disclosure of said loved one.
-I reject that.
I need Richard.
-I could be your new Richard.
Temporarily.
-Reset.
Where was I. Richard--uh. Janet?
-Isolation.
-Yes.
So if we think
of the equation as a chain.
we can posit that
a single counterproductive link
would be responsible
for the regrowth instability.
So. we find
that counterproductive link.
we isolate it.
then we proceed from there.
In the principle of last action.
let us change epsilon to delta
and. uh. partial T to partial D.
Oh. maybe not H-hat.
Try four pi epsilon naught.
Hilton:
Try five pi epsilon naught.
No. no. no. seven.
Okay. You know what?
Make it a hundred!
Good. I've got your attention.
Uh. allow me
to introduce myself.
I'm. uh. your new boss.
Hilton Smith.
You know me from the world.
Pretty active out there.
Uh. listen.
I just have one question
for each and every one of you.
Who's hungry?
Yeah. Yeah. Got you.
I got you. Yup.
Over there.
This guy seems smart.
-Hilton. good to see you.
We break for lunch
in half an hour.
-Oh. Yeah. but I--
I've had In-N-Out Burgers
flown in from California.
-In half an hour.
that sounds great.
-Uh...
[chuckles]
No one wants a cold burger.
-We are on a very
tight schedule in my lab.
every millisecond counts.
as you can see
from the recently installed
doomsday clock looming over us.
-That's not a clock.
That's me looming over
everything that's mine.
This lab. you. these people.
every millisecond belongs to me.
So I get to decide
what to do with it.
And right now. it's burger time.
-Fine.
We'll break now and we'll return
10 minutes early.
Okay?
Hilton: Great.
You hear that. everyone?
Come on.
Let's go. Burger time.
Let's go. Science. Science.
You need to put some food
in your mouth.
so science can come
out your brain.
Oh. hey. I got animal style
for you. Awesome Les.
-My suggestion. eat
every last bite of your burger.
Hilton [singing in distance]:
♪ Let's go. science ♪
♪ Put some food ♪
♪ In your mouth... ♪
[car horn honks]
Steffy: Lulu?
-[honking]
-Steffy.
-I'm gonna pull over.
Hi. How are you?
-They still let you work there?
-Oh. yeah. New management.
and I don't steal as much. so...
-Oh. right.
-I mean. I steal a little bit.
but it's. uh--
I gotta keep this job.
now that I'm like
a serious college student.
-You're in college?
-Don't--don't act so surprised.
-Sorry. I didn't--
Steffy: No. it's fine.
I. um--I go to Forest Park
Community College.
It's. uh--I--
-Oh.
Yeah. Great.
So what are you studying?
-Psychology.
Uh. gonna help people out
with their bullshit.
-You gonna start with yours?
-[laughs]
Um. how's. uh...
-Good. Made it through finals.
-You know.
it's so weird seeing you.
My mom was just asking
about you.
She always liked you. you know?
-Yeah.
Um. what did she say?
-Oh. you know.
she just asked
why we stopped hanging out.
-Oh. What did you say?
-I told her you turned
into an asshole.
-Hmm. Funny.
-I wasn't kidding.
-Okay. Yeah. I get it. okay?
You--you fit in. I didn't.
Steffy: I think
you didn't wanna fit in.
I think you wanted
to be an asshole.
-Easy there. Psych 101.
-I'm just saying.
I remember. you know.
like before.
-Before?
-Before you decided
you wanna get the fuck
out of here.
We used to laugh a lot.
[imitating] Mr. Jones.
-[imitating] Mrs. Spence.
-[laughs]
-Okay. Well. it was good
to see you--
-What are you doing tonight?
I know the door guy
at Crabby Pete's.
No ID necessary.
-Well. who's gonna be there?
-Oh. everyone you shut out
during high school.
-Hmm. A warm room.
Hard pass.
-Come. meet my college friends.
They don't know you.
Clean slate.
You could. gasp. have fun?
-Or I could.
ugh. feel miserable?
-Yeah. but isn't that.
like. your vibe?
-You know it.
-It's good to see you
crackin' a smile.
-Sardonically.
-Right. Yeah. I'll text you.
Bye.
[soft music playing]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Lindy: Is this how you got in?
[can hissing]
Oh.
What is all this?
-I recreated
our first milestone date.
The bistro at WashU.
the campus square.
the snowflakes.
the place that you said
you were your happiest.
-Sorry. what is going on
right now?
-Uh--oh. dang.
I forgot one thing.
Ooh.
-Richie. how did you get
in the house?
-Oh. I watched a YouTube video
on how to pick locks.
You can learn. like.
anything on YouTube.
like anything.
-[door slams]
-Oh. shit. Shit.
Just freeze.
-[tense music playing]
-[footsteps approaching]
[fly buzzing]
[door closes]
-Okay.
-That was a good idea.
[fly buzzing]
-Run! Go. Come on. Run.
-What? Oh. no. geez!
-Shit. It's a bug.
No. no. no. Close the door.
Close the door. [panting]
-Oh.
-Yeah. yeah. Yeah. yeah.
Let's--I know.
[siren wailing in distance]
Oliver:
I present Jackie Baldwin.
-Hi.
Terry: Hi.
Take a seat.
-Ms. Leyland.
the flight was just heavenly.
-Oh. you got a little taste
of first class?
-Oh. Ms. Leyland.
-Oh. Terry.
-Oh.
Whoa. I'm sweating.
Ms. Leyland. would you.
um--I'm sorry.
Would you mind pinching me
so I know I'm not dreaming?
This is crazy.
Give me just a little squeeze.
-See. Jackie. this is real.
-[laughs]
-I'm real. The. uh.
the six-figure book deal
I'm offering is very real.
Jackie: Oh. my goodness.
Professor Littlejohn sending me
to you is just...
-Too real?
-I mean. Ms. Leyland.
how do I even begin
to thank her?
-Oh. I should be thanking her
for sending you to me.
Lindy is
a once-in-a-generation writer.
a voice that cuts
through the noise.
A book editor gets one of those.
if she's lucky.
And here I am.
sat in front of my second.
You are just one signature away
from adding your name
to my own imprint.
-Wow.
[sighs]
-[phone beeps]
-Oh. sorry.
You know. Terry.
I should probably have my lawyer
look at this first.
-You have a lawyer?
Jackie: Uh-hmm.
She's close by.
-How close?
Because I. uh--I do need
to be getting back to it.
Oliver: She's in the hall.
loitering.
Oh. I'm sure you have a minute
for
a once-in-a-generation writer.
-You're a quick study.
-Uh. I unleash Hel.
No punch line.
Jackie: You got my text.
-Sure did.
Jackie: Terry. meet Hel.
-I'm her lawyer
and her cousin...
once removed.
-Oh. you might wanna check
your phone. [chuckles]
[message tone]
Terry: Oh. I see.
Jackie: Looks like we both have
a Google Alert
for Professor Littlejohn.
Hel: [laughs]
Okay. here it is.
Buried. An NDA.
Good thing I know where to look.
-[scoffs]
We're not total rubes.
-Excuse me.
I just need to use the restroom.
I won't be a moment.
The old heave-ho.
-Elevator or stairwell?
-Elevator.
[elevator dings]
[sighs]
[beeps]
[elevator creaks]
[screams]
man: Tough day?
Takes the shine off the boot.
Go on.
[quirky music playing]
-Don't.
-You don't know
what I was going to say.
-Enlighten me.
-That was bullshit.
both: This is still my lab.
I am the head scientist.
-Follow me.
[quirky music playing]
-Is this...
-Allowed? No.
Does Hilton know?
No.
-So I guess everybody
does have secrets.
-And now we have. too.
But...
-[gasps]
In the name of science.
He looks happy.
-Is that
your scientific assessment?
-Yeah. Observation
is foundational.
So beyond observation.
how's he doing?
-Strong vitals. good appetite.
clean fluids. solid feces.
Les: What more
could one ask for?
-Also noted increased speed
and sensitive hearing.
-Interesting. But not harmful?
-Quite the opposite.
Happy. as you've observed.
is accurate.
Don't waste your energy
on Hilton's antics.
Think of him
like an overbearing father
with a sense of humor
akin to "pull my finger."
There is no pleasing him
and he can only please himself.
-I have been told that. um.
an overbearing father figure
is a trigger for me.
-A scientist
who's been to therapy.
Uh-hmm.
-[chuckles]
Since we're getting personal.
I have no. um--
have no problem admitting
that I have been to therapy.
Couples therapy.
So. there you go.
-You are surprising.
-[chuckles]
-which is surprising.
I'll bite. I can do personal.
How did it go?
-Okay. I'll bite back.
Um. it's ongoing.
-Dare I say. complicated.
-Vivienne. you have no idea.
-Les. you got my name right.
-[laughs]
You just called me Les.
which...please do.
[quirky music playing]
-Is this modeled after
Union Station on Market Street?
-Richard?
-Hmm?
-What's the fuckin' plan?
-Got you.
-Okay.
[gasps] You've had a phone
this whole time.
Okay. Because I asked for help
and you brought me
a piece of fuckin' pie.
But we have a phone. Okay. So...
-Here's the plan.
Lindy: Hit me.
[dramatic music playing]
-I. Richard Paul Wear.
willingly sacrifice
my natural size and myself
in the name of love...
-Oh. fuck.
-...for the greatest
love story ever told.
You will pen our story.
inspiring lovers
for generations to come.
thereby earning
a second Pulitzer.
Then. we will live out our days
in the dollhouse
as tiny people.
but only in size.
not in spirit. not at heart.
Happily ever after.
-That's--that's the plan. huh?
-Yeah. That's the plan.
-So you--uh. I just--when--
why. though.
would you shrink yourself
without a plan
to make us big again.
Richard?
-Well. I mean...
-You have no fucking plan
at all.
Do I have that right?
-Well. no.
-Oh. my God. Huh?
-No. no. no. no. no.
Why did I think
that you would have any answers?
I thought
you were gonna save me.
Oh. my God.
-No. no. no. no. no. no.
Les and the team are gonna solve
the formula. eventually.
Like. they're so close.
They're--
-[screams]
Richard: No.
Once they solve it.
we can choose.
Tiny bodies. big love.
big bodies. big love.
-Choose?
You think I would choose this?
-Ah. it's run out of battery.
I should've...
-Oh. my God.
Richard:
I should've packed the charger.
but. uh. I put
the pie in instead
because you said
it was your favorite.
-I'm walking away
before I punch you
in the fucking throat.
-What?
I--wait. should I follow you?
-No.
The train has left the station.
Okay?
-Uh. I'm gonna get
the next train.
I'mma get the--
-No!
It's the end
of the line. Richard.
Richard: All right.
-And the end of the metaphor.
Okay?
Richard: All right.
-Do not fucking
quote Shakespeare.
-Lindy?
Terry: 15 years of silence--
no. not 15 years of silence.
but 15 years of silence.
and now my dream. my imprint--
my publishing imprint.
Terry Leyland Publishing.
simple. elegant. dignified.
[sighs]
is slipping through
my manicured fingers.
Does she care? No.
Does she demand more? Yes.
Are we still friends?
I don't know. [sighs]
-Hmm.
You help her.
Who helps you?
-Me.
-Transactional relationships
are unsustainable.
-And lonely.
-You are good people.
-I know at least 30 people
who would disagree
with you about that.
-[chuckles]
More opinions don't equal truth.
-You are so wise.
-[breathes heavily]
[musical ping]
You got me in a twist.
-I like that.
A lot.
Les: May I--may I ask.
uh. are you married?
-You may.
-Oh.
Are you married?
-In a way.
-Is he or she...?
-He.
-He. he--is he. um...
-Alive? In a way.
-Oh.
-We're starting with alive.
-Isn't the term alive
binary in its nature?
-A living organism is
considered alive
if it exhibits
certain characteristics
that differentiates it
from non-living matter.
In a way. my husband
cannot be differentiated
from non-living matter.
-May. may I ask if he...
-No. we're done here.
But it felt good to share.
[machine beeping rapidly]
-Oh no.
-What?
-I think Mr. Magoo
is having a seizure.
Les: A seizure? What?
She could die.
Okay. I can't lose her.
-Her?
-I. uh. I--sorry. him. clearly.
-Are you okay?
-Yes. I just love
the fucking cat.
-Okay.
The seizure has stopped.
His heart rate is
back to normal.
-Okay. good.
My heart is racing.
-Your pulse is excessively high.
The wrist. excessively sweaty.
-I. uh--nothing can happen
to that cat. okay?
-Mr. Magoo is fine.
I'm more worried about you.
-I appreciate your concern.
I. uh. have to go.
Excuse me.
Come on. come on.
Where is she?
Oh. come on. Where is she?
Where is she? Where is she?
Where is she? Come on.
Oh.
-I'm utterly alone.
-[beep]
[objects clatter]
I was just looking for you.
-Why?
Lindy: I wanted to tell you
how much I loved your speech.
-What are your notes. professor?
-No notes. Very efficient use
of your words.
-Yeah. Sure. Right.
-Efficient again.
Listen. I know that
you didn't wanna do anything
for graduation.
but I wondered if you and I
could go get milkshakes
at Mandy's.
-I'm not 10.
-Yeah. uh. I know.
I just thought it would be.
you know...
-Nostalgic?
-Uh-hmm.
Yeah. you busted me.
I'm so uncool.
So...?
It's just ice cream.
What do you think?
-Okay. I can't.
Um. I'm leaving.
-For where?
-College.
-It's June.
College starts in the fall.
Lulu: Didn't Dad tell you?
He got me. like. some internship
or observation whatever thing.
-Uh. no.
No. Dad did not.
-Dad did not what?
-Lulu's summer plans?
-I didn't tell you?
-No.
-Well. it was very last-minute.
Um. I thought I told you.
Sorry.
Where are you going?
-Didn't I tell you?
[blues music playing]
[female singer vocalizing]
Barbara:
You're the second person today
drowning sorrows in a milkshake.
-Oh. yeah?
Huh.
Was it another mother?
-[Barbara chuckles]
-[Lindy sighs]
-It was me.
-How are you sad. ever?
-I could ask you the same thing.
but I've read your work.
and I mean that
with all respect.
and a hint of jest.
-Do I know you?
-Nah. Nah. nah.
I know you and I love you.
In full transparency.
I work at the lab
with your husband.
-Oh. well.
too bad.
[song continues]
-Yeah.
[indistinct lyrics]
You know.
I would be remiss
if I didn't take
the opportunity to tell you
how much I admire
and adore your novel.
-[chuckles]
-But no. look.
your ability
to capture the weight.
the burden of the mother's
complicated
emotional relationship.
not only with the daughter.
but with herself. come on.
That is a masterclass.
It is a masterclass
in dimension.
and in heartbreak.
and in a lesser writer's hand.
it could come across
as cartoonish or salacious.
but I was--I am. you know.
it stays with you.
and. uh. it deeply moved
by the daughter's ability
to thrive under the complex
emotional circumstances
thrust upon her.
It is a hero's journey
underneath a comedic cry
for help.
I just wanted to give
that daughter a hug.
It's reductive. I know.
but it's true.
-I could really use a hug.
Richard:
This might be overstepping.
but I would be happy
to provide one.
-Um. okay.
[soft music playing]
[R&B music playing]
Richard: Is this okay?
-That's perfect.
[car horn honking]
Barbara: Your mom's here.
-Yeah. okay.
Thank you. Barb.
I should--I should go.
-Yeah. Okay.
[car horn honking]
-She doesn't like
to drive at night.
-The sun's out.
-It's setting.
[thuds]
[car horn honking]
-[sighs]
I am alone.
-We're all alone.
-[sighs]
[wings fluttering]
[gasps. screams]
-[fly buzzing]
-[screams]
[panting]
-[crackles]
-[screams]
[panting. grunting]
[screams]
-[loud thud]
-[groaning]
No. no!
[screams]
-[metal clanging]
-[loud thud]
-[gasps]
[tense music playing]
Martin: What are you doing?
-I'm going home.
-Because of the showdown
at high noon over burgers?
-In my lab. I am the sheriff.
okay?
-Great galloping God.
what are you not getting here?
Okay. Listen.
there is a new gun in town
and he's wearing a black hat.
but he has got the money.
-Fine. Whatever.
He started it.
-That's adult.
-I have to go home. Martin.
-Okay. You know what?
Hey. hey. Hilton has not left
the building yet.
This does not look good.
-Oh. fuck him!
-F him! F me!
-F everyone.
-Okay. You know what?
You are tying
your own shoelaces here!
-Tell him
it's a family emergency.
-What? Is it?
-Yes.
People could be dead.
-What--what people?
Martin: People!
-Who? What?
-People.
[upbeat music playing]
-Do we like that guy?
-We might.
-Okay. But do we have to.
like. poke him a bit?
You know. I can pull up
the presentation.
Watch him shake. bake. and shit.
-Not yet.
He's not. not useful.
-Okay. It's your call...
until it isn't.
-That's not what we discussed.
As the brains and boots
on the ground.
as you like to refer to me.
I have final say
when it comes to the...
...talent.
Hilton: The talent.
Sure.
But my guts say poke.
-You can't help yourself.
can you?
-Neither can you.
Poke. poke.
-Don't.
-Poke. poke.
-Do not.
-What? I'm not touching you.
Oh. you gonna go? Oh. really?
Okay. Well. that's childish.
-Oh. God.
Not now. Nils.
No time for questions.
No time for comments. Thank you.
-No problem.
I'm onto something bigger.
-Oh. yeah.
Bigger than me? I'm the story.
-Not anymore.
-What?
[fast jazz music playing]
Whatever. I gotta go.
[crowd chattering]
man: Come on!
Come on. come on. come on!
-We're not bailing.
We're here.
Look. we're walking
through the doors.
It's gonna be fun.
It's gonna be great.
-You said you were
coming earlier.
What happened?
-This is earlier.
Wear a damn watch.
-What's up?
-Mike. this is my old friend.
Lulu.
We go way back.
-Lulu. Mike.
-Hey.
-Come find me
when you get a break. okay?
-Anything for you. boss.
Wow.
You got ID?
-What?
-ID!
-Yeah. I--it's...
Mike: I'm just kidding.
You look 21 to me.
Go.
[indistinct yelling]
-Cute. right?
-I hate him.
[tense music playing]
[gasps. grunts]
[fly buzzing]
[groaning]
-I will save myself.
[tense music playing]
Come on. fucker!
[grunts]
[grunting]
[panting]
[sighs] This isn't goodbye.
Space Colon.
It's over now.
[rock music playing]
-[beeps]
-For me! This is for me!
-Okay. Okay.
There we--there we go.
Here we go. We're going in.
We're going in.
-I can't believe
you just did that.
[overlapping chatter.
laughter]
woman: I did two shots.
I did two shots. Mckenna.
-Mic Drop!
Mic Drop.
-You did the thing
at graduation. right?
Yeah. Uh...
-The mic drop?
-Mic Drop.
-Yeah. That was me.
-[grunts]
My grandma hated your speech.
And. uh. I hate my grandma.
so thank you.
Yeah. I told you.
you stupid assholes.
It's her. It's Mic Drop.
all: Oh. Mic Drop.
man: You rock. girl!
-See? No one cares.
Fun. right?
-Sure.
-Are you at Forest Park?
-No.
Are you kidding?
-It's just a question.
Steffy: Uh. she goes to school
in Manhattan.
Oh. Did you guys know
that her mom wrote
My Rainbow Starts with Black?
-That's your mom?
-We read it in class.
-Your mom's childhood.
The dinner table. Wow.
-The class was
Narcissism In Fiction.
And we know it's fiction.
-There's a lot of truth
in fiction.
Was your mom
capable of showing you
any kind of affection at all?
-What the fuck
kind of question is that?
-So defensive.
Hmm. that tracks.
Matteo: Hey. Mic Drop! Hey!
-What?
Matteo: Shots? Let's go. Shots.
-No. Lulu.
Lulu. She--please don't.
Matteo: Let's go.
-It's fine.
Steffy: No. it's not fine.
Lulu: It's fine.
Matteo: We're doing shots
with Mic Drop.
[whimsical music playing]
[high-pitched
motor whirring]
-Huh.
-You look. uh...
-Filthy.
-I was gonna say strong.
-So that's my phone.
I'm impressed.
-That. huh?
Well. I hoped you would be.
-I'm driving.
-You're--you're what?
Wait--wait. We're leaving?
-Yeah. We'll come back
and loot the place.
[exhales]
-Where are we going?
-Into the sunset. Richie.
It's the dawn of a new day.
-So I'm a little worried--oh.
-I miss you.
-What are you talking about?
-Oh.
-we need to get you some water.
-Water is dumb.
It's just stuff in the lakes.
-Okay.
-"Was your mom
even capable of. like.
showing any actual affection?"
-Funny.
-She's drunk.
-Steff. I'm gonna go.
I'll see you after the New Year.
Steffy: Okay.
[screaming]
-What the fuck?
[rock music playing]
Psycho!
Let's go!
-My God. Just--why?
Oh. my God. Why?
Steffy: What is wrong with you?
-I'm sorry.
I don't go to LOL University
with all of y'all.
-You're acting like a bitch.
-Me?
I'm a bitch?
-I think you overreacted.
I get it.
your mom's a trigger. But...
-Wait. wait though.
Is that. like.
your professional opinion?
-Wow. Huh.
-Okay. Look. you have to go
to a better school
if you want people
to take you seriously.
Okay? I'm just being real.
-Hey. you ever read
your mom's book?
-No. Um. she wrote some shit
about me one time.
So. um. I already know
she hates me.
-Hmm. Yeah.
Uh. well.
you might wanna read it.
-Oh? Why?
-Because you're just like her.
Mic drop.
[indistinct chatter]
[crowd cheering. laughing]
-Word to the wise.
if you wanna be liked.
don't be a dick.
-Okay.
Word to the dipshit.
I don't give a fuck
who likes me.
-Uh. bullshit.
-Fact.
-Oh. you care too much.
And it's showing.
[tense music playing]
[tires screech]
[door closes]
-Les!
-Mom?
-What're you doing here?
-What are you doing here?
-I live here.
-Well. you're supposed to be
in Vermont. dear.
I'm here to catsit.
Where is Mr. Magoo?
-Mom. Mom. stop!
Put everything down.
Put it down.
-Well. I--I--I'm almost done.
Oh. my suitcase.
It bumped the plant.
-I don't care. I don't care.
Just leave it.
Don't walk or move
or do or touch anything.
Anything.
-Les?
[objects clattering]
I--I--I just cleaned that up.
Here. Let me--Let me...
-No. no. no. please!
Just don't. please.
just stay where you are.
Do not move.
[objects clatter]
Stay.
[♪♪♪]
Lindy?
Lindy. where are you?
[tense music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
Oh. fuck.
[music continues]
[music ends]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today